drivers: nrf71: Enable Wi-Fi keep-alive and KMU by default; Change default band to dual (#30498)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/protocols/wifi/station_mode/powersave.rst

   TWT Wake Duration and Interval

.. _ug_nrf70_developing_powersave_keepalive:

Connection keep-alive
*********************

> Some access points disconnect a station that has been idle for a period of time, without performing any explicit reachability check.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Certain access points disconnect a station device that has been idle for a period of time, without performing any explicit reachability check.
```

> When operating in Power Save mode, the nRF70 Series device can stay idle for extended periods, which can cause such access points to silently drop the connection.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When operating in Power Save mode, the nRF70 Series device can remain idle for extended periods, which may cause such access points to silently drop the connection.
```

To interoperate with these access points, the nRF Wi-Fi driver periodically sends a keep-alive frame to the AP to keep the connection alive and to signal that the station is still reachable.

> This feature is enabled by default and slightly increases the average power consumption, because the device wakes up periodically to transmit the keep-alive frame.

Reviewer: Can you detail what this keep-alive frame is? Data, management frame, etc.

Author: Sure, I have added that info too.

   TWT Wake Duration and Interval

.. _ug_nrf70_developing_powersave_keepalive:

Connection keep-alive
*********************

Certain access points disconnect a station device that has been idle for a period of time, without performing any explicit reachability check.
When operating in Power Save mode, the nRF70 Series device can remain idle for extended periods, which may cause such access points to silently drop the connection.

To interoperate with these access points, the nRF Wi-Fi driver periodically sends a Null data frame to the AP to keep the connection alive and to signal that the station is still reachable.

> The Null data frame is an IEEE 802.11 MAC data frame with no payload, generated and transmitted by the nRF70 Series firmware.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The null data frame is an IEEE 802.11 MAC data frame with no payload that is generated and transmitted by the nRF70 Series firmware.
```
